You can once again look at RNC 2 7 8 4 or go to the updated version 2 8 9 0 to see some of the extra
extensions to GOP back in 2 7 8 4 noticed once again you can see the encapsulated packet with a payload.
GERRY HADDEN delivery header.
You can see what the GOP had it looks like.
As an example you can see the protocol type.
You can see the version and other fields that kind of information is explained in this RNC but rather
than boring you going through an RNC.
I'm going to show you practically with a wire shot capture what the actual packets looked like in our
topology so we'll capture some packets here.
And we'll also capture them on the Internet to see how the packets are encapsulated and what headers
are used.
You can see the protocol type used by GRC in RC seventeen hundred and in this RFP you'll see that GRC
uses protocol number 47 are the protocols that you may be more familiar with include DCP which is protocol
6 and UDP which is protocol 17
so the point to remember is GRC is a protocol that resides next to UDP and DCP in the OSA model.
Doesn't run on top of UDP or on top of DCP it's its own protocol type.
You can also see the ether type for GOP in the ether net numbers on the Iona but once again I'm gonna
be using Y shock to show you this even though that kind of information is contained in the various sorry
if CS.